The big bang contract become a hot topic now......
Talking......
So horrible, I thought everything is over!
Are you okay?
Can you believe what in my mind is all of you!
After the disaster, telling love become a good opportunity. Even the teacher won't interfere in out affairs

Everything happened these days is because of me

Mr. Ye
You did leave so fast yesterday!
Tell me! How did you jump so high yesterday?
Xin......Why you ask this? You should talk about the big bang yesterday

I'm not interested about that
Come on! Just tell me how did you? You must have any skill reach that
Xin, what are you doing here, Waiting for you!
Mr. Ye
After this competition, you must tell me the skills
Xin, XiaoXiao and me, we have been friends since we were young. Xin has a martial art school. Xin is a martial arts master. So it's easy for him to win lots of champions in various competitions.
Champion of state?
That's little more interesting!

Xiao Xiao
What's up?
Em...
A handsome boy, Mr. Wang, is waiting outside
Mr. Wang?
Hi, I am JZ Wang!
I am curious, such a beautiful girl. Why no one pursues her

After the big bang happened yesterday. I am sure that you are my answer in my life. You must be waiting for me.
If the end of the world comes, I really don't want to miss you
Xiao, I think I have fallen in love with you
I have a question, are you female or male?

Hum
First thing! Xiao hate newhalf!
X-ray vision!
Superhuman ears!
I have learned how to use these two skills, although effective only within 10 meters
It seems you don't know me yet
My family condition is very good. I want to give you my watch. It's worth 300000 yuan. It's only my pocket money for one month
Second, Xiao don't like others show off the rich! He will fail!

Well, you don't know me too
I have a childhood sweetheart
If you want to talk about rich?
Childhood sweatheart? Is it me?
300000？
As I know, my friend's pocket money is 1 million a month
If I want to use money, he doesn't care

But he knows, the money is from his parents, so he never shows off
Better than you, he's definitely a man
How dare you say so!
Do you know who my aunt is? He's an entrepreneur. Fan Zhenxiang
Never, sorry
What's so great about having money in your family? Why do you tell my mother to pay for me
I just want to help you......
Xiao Xiao

How sad my mother was after you left, you know
You're telling her you can't afford your daughter's tuition
Independence, self-respect, this is what I know Xiaoxiao
Since then, Xiaoxiao has never accepted my help
I thought I was helping her, but I hurt my beloved girl
